yo what up guys is I tank blood decided
update yeah she's been going down for
the past couple months I know you guys
probably think I upload vids annually I
don't blame you i know that's probably
that feels like but yeah I just hope you
guys understand my busy dude and I'm not
gonna like spend half this bid
apologizing like my other ones and go
check those out of your watch so yeah
I'm first like before the max hang
compilation vid I got record and in that
vid I probably a few clips with regard
but yeah if it took me ages at it just
took me like a month prob like two hours
a day I don't know but for the feedback
I got it was well worth it yeah after
that vid I've just been doing like
dungeoneering ARMA and PK in just like
what do you do with your match take yeah
but yeah I got chaotic crossbow I love
it and yeah it's just amazing forearm
and like edge prodding can I just edged
proudly this thing and it's like I'm
saying you don't have to risk them much
use down kids like over and over and
over and if I just like got overwhelmed
with clips so i really only probably
going to use the good ones but yeah so
if your tank and you're like debating
whether to get like dungeoneering up for
like we're gore and chaotic crossbow
like arcane stream stuff they're all
worth it like i love these weapons so
much and they just destroyed and like
even if you don't if you aren't like a
PK or anything you just like they're
amazing for arma or like God worse don't
generally frost dragon it's just I'm
just through work alright but yeah guys
as for my bank goes I'm like roughly in
the 450 mills now mainly just from like
all the drops armors been giving me I
know I say this like every vid but yeah
it's true guys that I don't know what it
is but I usually get like a drop every
trip I'm just unbelievably lucky there
but as you guys can see I'm definitely
not lucky at PvP but yeah it's how it
goes and then just like I probably made
a lot off 76 came like when i'm doing
homework and stuff and busy i just tried
to like make asses while I can a lot of
you guys been recommending me this great
idea of like starting my clan chat as
like a tank community I personally think
that'd be amazing it'd be great resource
for you guys to get like help and like p
cane tips or whatever you need and if
you really have this kid that's just
pissing you off out in the wild it'd be
like a great place to get back up and
stuff so yeah I leave a comment tell me
if that's a good idea or if we should
actually do that so what if ya you guys
are totally up will just join my clan
chat i'll start it up and like even if
you're not a tank or like you're a
serger or something it's all good you
could join too you're not going to get
hated on too much i want to give a big
shout-out to my bro hands to tank i
would not be playing this game without
and he's by far one of the best max
tanks out there and if you're not
subscribed to him already definitely
click that button so subscribe to him
and yeah guys enjoy the rest of it my
pvp vid should be out soon if i don't
think i actually kill these kids so
peace out guys
you